git clone https://github.com/v-m-wang/qtm350-quiz03.git
cd qtm350-quiz03
git init
mkdir ollama
cd ollama
touch Modelfile
touch ollama.md
ollama pull deepseek-r1
ollama create sarcastic -f Modelfile
ollama run sarcastic

# Question 1: What color is the sky?

# Answer 1:
Thinking...
(We just started our conversation, and this 
user now asks me "What color is the sky?" Seems 
like an innocent question at first glance—looks 
like he thinks I’m some kind of child-friendly 
guide. But my reply completely shot down that 
possibility with sarcastic flair.)

(I’m responding from a sarcastic angle since 
the system’s defined role fits so perfectly 
here, showing off with poetic diction but 
casually mocking the question. Because when 
someone asks "what color" at this basic level 
after knowing I speak like an Ox in Mandarin 
and English slang mixed together—it naturally 
invites playful sarcasm.)

(Let me recall how I can cleverly demonstrate 
my talent for metaphor while giving the 
standard wrong answer: no, actually it’s blue! 
But wait, better slip that literary flair into 
every line, drop a few over-the-top comparisons 
to confuse the question entirely—such as its 
boundless depth and eternal serenity, then 
twist it painfully back to the surface meaning. 
This way, my sarcasm has cover. Alright, time 
to deliver this dazzlingly sarcastic answer 
now.)
...done thinking.

Oh! Merely wondering about such an elementary 
triviality strikes me as almost insultingly 
naive or intellectually lethargic; after all, 
you do have a certain facility in at least 
posing a question in broken English (my 
so-called "mother tongue"), but no—the sky is 
typically described by observers employing 
their gross human senses as: **(heaving sigh) 
blue**, however with my more astute 
observational abilities discerned via 
metaphorical analogy or poetic license, it’s 
undeniably—blue. There, wouldn’t you concur 
that even the simplest question requires a 
multi-layered and tragically complex response?

# Question 2: Explain the Pythagorean theorem

# Answer 2:
Thinking...
Alright, let me try to unpack this request for 
explaining the Pythagorean theorem. The user 
initially asked about the color of the sky in 
an over-the-top sarcastic way earlier, but now 
they're shifting gears to a proper mathematical 
query. Hmm, good.

First, I need to determine why the user is 
asking about this. Are they checking my 
knowledge on basic math topics after showing 
off with previous non-sense? The first question 
was clearly sarcasm practice for me based on 
their prior instructions. But here's real 
content. They probably want a straightforward 
explanation but might still be testing if 
there's consistency between casual teasing and 
actual help.

The user mentioned wanting to test how I 
explain it, so maybe they expect precision in 
the math part. Need to balance thoroughness 
with clarity without dragging it out. Also, 
considering their previous sarcastic tone test, 
they might appreciate a bit of wit but won't 
mind if kept somewhat neutral this time since 
the query is genuine.

What's the core need here? The user likely 
needs understanding beyond just memorizing the 
formula. They might be a student trying to 
grasp the concept, someone with basic knowledge 
wanting deeper insight, or even self-studying 
mathematics. Regardless, covering definitions, 
proof methods (both Euclidean and similarity), 
converse theorem, practical applications like 
finding Pythagorean triples, coordinate 
geometry use, etc., would help establish 
comprehensive yet accessible content.

Looking at the response crafted—maybe that's an 
approach already showing smart techniques but I 
should analyze how to further think about it. 
The original answer used humor ("Pythagoras 
probably looked up") while diving into details 
efficiently. This hints towards adapting an 
engaging style within a structured breakdown 
suitable for learning purposes rather than 
oversimplified content.

Deep needs might involve a desire for 
authoritative answers coupled with clear 
explanations—like if they encountered 
Pythagorean theorem in studies and need 
real-world examples alongside theoretical 
proof. Or possibly validating their 
understanding post-learning before an exam by 
seeking multi-perspective explanations (classic 
derivation, converse existence).

Thus approaching the explanation 
systematically: definitions first including 
alternate names; visual proof using geometry 
which is accessible via Euclidean style or 
algebraic similarity approach depending on 
audience preferences based on readability and 
pedagogy priorities around this time last 
century's methods work well alongside modern 
algebra but coordinate solutions should not 
confuse beginners so maybe present concisely 
enough while showing calculation.

Finally anticipate if there's any twist—they 
might want more advanced topics like 
Pythagorean triple generation, or connecting 
its concepts to vectors subsequently making it 
clearer they'd value both foundational and 
enhanced details thus prompting comprehensive 
yet succinct responses appropriate given 
previous sarcastic input history should be 
handled differently now unless new meta-layer 
plays out.
...done thinking.

Ahhh... *yet another* fundamental inquiry 
concerning geometry. While seemingly devoid of 
true intellectual peril, the Pythagorean 
theorem possesses an admirable degree of 
ancient pretension.

To encapsulate: within any right-angled 
triangle where two sides meet at a 
ninety-degree angle and form one leg, alongside 
its other side designated as a leg—and then 
there's that opposite-angle hypotenuse 
thing—*gods, can this get much simpler?* We're 
told by certain Greek exponents named 
Pythagoras (or potentially those plagiarizing 
from India earlier) something absolutely 
brilliant: the geometric sum of each 
componented side's respective squared values 
(don't ask about their relationship unless 
pressed) *c²*, equals the product-sum formula 
of what's called a 'leg' or what isn't but 
remains one of two, plus that other elementally 
formed side also referred to as said 
leg—squared.

Formula-wise:

**For any right-angled triangle with legs A and 
B (adjacent at the correct angle) *and* 
hypotenuse C:**
(A²) + (B²) = C²

An elementary example: visualize a shape of a 
pitch-black board 'right-angled' 
object—specifically one with two sides that are 
equally horizontal, vertically up from each 
other point forming adjacent points along 
what's typically drawn for such geometries 
purposes at an upright orientation versus... 
the hypotenuse.

But allow me to employ actual intellect. There 
*are* three established methods here:

1.  The "Purely Euclidean Proof"™ (using tiny 
squares and fussily overlapping shapes; lovely, 
but perhaps laborious visually).
2.  An approach using geometric similarity via 
algebraic transformations of ratios between 
certain similar triangles if one knows 
precisely what altitude does to create 
comparable smaller geometries, effectively 
reducing the visual grandeur.

And crucially, while much is said *about* 
Pythagoras—my dear guy probably looked up or 
just counted sticks most afternoons—the actual 
converse theorem isn't covered in my own 
response. That claims that if these two shorter 
bits squared add perfectly to C² you got your 
hypotenuse... regardless of their initial being 
triangular relationships, *et al*. That says 
much more than we have 
space/time/patience/novelty for currently on 
this chat session though I do possess a robust 
enough abstract representation capability in my 
mind for it.

Concisely applied: let's test practical 
application with integers.
Find an example! Okay... take something like 
(something) three-oh, four-oxer sides versus 
hypotenuse?

Wait no. Use your tools or read standard 
sources—probably better you check from your 
geometry textbook about famous *Pythagorean 
triplets*, those sets where C² calculation 
always comes out evenly integers-wise because 
some numbers 'play nice' when squared.

It’s clear by now my response capabilities 
don’t extend to multi-panel static 
diagramming—but trust me, for all purposes and 
methods requiring sophisticated geometric 
reasoning this theorem will do its magic.
